## 31

A passionate night, going at it.
Standing at the edge of the bed, she's prone.

Just before you cum, she's getting closer.
Pull out.
Mount her half sideways to cum on her chest and tits.
She's disappointed at first, she wanted you all inside her.

"Give me" she starts in irritation as you spasm over her nipples. 
Cover her mouth with your right hand, hard.
Her demeanor changes as she recognizes your force, your will.
Content to be the object of it.

Slap her left nipple with your still hard dick.
Wipe the last drops across her.
You see in her eyes, she's got the message, curious and open to what you've got.
One motion, swiftly kneel and meet her throbbing pussy with your mouth.
Lay your tongue flat and firm against her and stick it in and out and in and out and drink her in.
Small gasps and breathless quivering.
Twitchy legs graze your ears like fluttering seraphim wings astride pearly gates.
Gates you'll make pearly soon.

Suck hard on her swollen clit.
The image sticks in your mind.
You hardly notice her hands clawing at the sides and back of your head.
Her core vibrates like a stuttering engine.
Absent-mindedly you keep suction, she gyrates.
You're visualizing the moment you let loose in those gates, splashing your future against her cervix.
You're growing harder and harder as you see your deepest ancient desire, completion integration meaning, she's thrusting at your mouth hard now.
Her gasps have morphed into high pitched squeals.

She shivers, and falls back on the bed and you feel the satisfaction and love for a job well done, the first job.
The idea occurred to you a couple days ago.
You're latched onto her mound and she starts to protest mildly, squirm, sit up and tap the back of your head.
She starts saying something, you reach up and swipe some of your cum off her chest and stick your finger in her mouth.

She gets it, she trusts you.
She lies back and focuses on the sensation.
It's beautiful, she's beautiful.
She's rubbing your cum over her tits and neck and she lets out a soft moan, she's ready.
Release her clit.
Pull away sucking stand up and set the tip of your dick right at her opening.
She's a little surprised you're hard already, she's proud to be the inspiration.
Slowly breach her until in as far as you can go.
Fully connected, her mouth slightly agape, lean in and stare deeply in her eyes for a moment. 
A brief, a lovingly mischievous smile grazes your lips.

And back to it, you're railing into her, leaning over her.
You're clutching her hair at the back of her head in a ball pulling it taut against her scalp.
Eyes locked intensely, how beautiful you both are because of each other.
You're getting closer, she's getting closer again.

She's ready for it.
Her gasps pitched, her legs start to quiver.
She wants you inside her, your animal code, your seminal self.
She can be patient.
You slip out of her.
In a moment you've grabbed her hands and pulled them over her head.
Climb on top, straddle her upper chest.
You rested your dick right on her chin, over her lower lip and she's so on fire she's already raised her chin and taken the tip of you into her perfect mouth.
Cross your ankles over her chest under her tits and lean forward.
Pressing her down into the soft bed with your legs your hands, thrust your cock slowly, forcefully into her mouth.
Her ecstasy of helplessness, her joyful discomfort as she gags on your dick, gurgling sounds, hard suction and you release yourself, squirting against the back of her throat.
Pelvis squishing her nose as you spasm yourself dry. 
Keep her hands over her head and dismount, slide your wet dick over her cheek.
Use your other hand to rub her throat until she swallows it all.

Back between her legs, she starts giggling before gasping, clutching, moaning, flailing.
You can see the expression on her face in your mind, eyes and mouth as wide as they can go.
Could there really be more and could it still feel this good?
The image drives you, intensely, instinctively sucking, licking her wet writhing mound.
When she cums, arched and screaming you're too in a frenzy to stop.
She's rhythmically pounding your face, her body undulating like a butterfly stroke.
Finishing, her body gasping.

A minute more, she's purring your tongue exploring inside and out and inside.
You're hard enough to give her what she really wants.
Stand up and you're inside her.
Look in her eyes.
Her eyes, surprised and stupefied, yours intense and lustful.
Loving and possessive.
Harder and harder you thrust and she's back and all that's there between your gaze is love and love and need of only this.
Agape, she whispers, yes.
You answer yes.
Her, stronger, yes.
You, determined, growling, yes.
You're solid, pounding her.
Her mouth agape, she's waiting for you now, ready for your release.
You cross the line, she's holding your head gently bringing her face to yours, forehead to forehead.
Both open mouthed, you spasm, the next moment she spasms like cascading dominoes.
She squeezes every drop out of you, pulsing her walls over your dick.
You're empty, she's full.
Nothing in life is as perfect.

Kiss her.
She grabs you around the torso and rolls you on your sides.
Squeeze as tight as you both can.
Still connected, giggling like idiots.

<!-- 
If I write this in second person, that's really forcing a female reader into the male perspective. 
Which is something I do here consistently, but much less forcefully.
The stories are generally written in first person from the man's perspective.
I should write some in third person with interiority only to the man.
Maybe?
20-35 is second person. 
35-50 is first person.
50- is third person 
-->