## 38

Midday work from home day. 
Flurries in the window softly drifting into piles on the front yard slope. 
I'm cleaning a pot from last night's dinner left to soak the excess off. 
The sink window curtain's open and I'm thinking about array indices. 
Wondering if snow falls in grids.

I hear the soft latch of the now quiet nursery door. 
Your soft footsteps up to the island behind me.

"Pull the curtain down so the dog doesn't bark." 
You say flatly.

I almost object or turn. 
I'll do it when I'm done, and I want to look out the window. 
I'm done watching though so I just pull it down and over the sill.

It's been a calm week. 
I'm surprised but don't show it when suddenly you pull my shirt up from the back and nuzzle your head between my shoulder blades kissing my lats, threatening to join me in my t-shirt.
With your other hand you pull down my pajama pants so the waist band cradles my balls over my boxers.
All in one graceful motion you press yourself against my back, wrapping your hands around my chest and waist and slipping your right hand under my boxers to catch my growing dick.
Your bare, still milk enlarged breasts press against my lumbar and I'm rock hard.

"Mmmm, honey." 
I murmur almost involuntarily.

"Shhh, baby's sleeping." 
You whisper admonishingly and squeeze by balls bracingly.

I swallow hard, you scratch my chest up through the hair to the collar bone, grazing the thumping artery on my neck.

Proud of your power. 
I'm proud of your power, bracing myself on the counter.
You run your soft, smooth, tightly clenched hand along my shaft slowly but squeezing to the brink of discomfort.
It's been so long, I'm almost there when you start biting me just hard enough for me to feel it through the ecstasy and concentration.

My precum wets your knuckles.
You scratch my breastbone hard raking your pretty nails through my hair over my pounding heart.

"Wait." 
I whisper gulp.

"Shhhh, baby's sleeping." 
Your whisper into my back.
Lick my spine up to my shoulder blade.
You bite harder, press me to you tighter, stroke me fast and tight and grunt softly.

I never had a chance.
You release me into my boxers.
Still faster as I cum for you.
For you I'm putty, the way I like to be.

Slowly you press yourself into me once again and release.
I glance at you walking away toward the stairs; your back to me licking your fingers clean.

"Help yourself." 
I say wry and enamored and exhausted and happy.

"I will." 